Update form-bindings.md to add a note about known limitations of phx-disable-with (#3808)
phoenixframework/phoenix_live_view: guides/client/form-bindings.md

> an acknowledgement from the server. This means that although a regular button
> without `phx-disable-with` is not semantically disabled while waiting for a
> server response, it will not trigger duplicate events.
>

> > Because `phx-disable-with` works with an element‘s `innerText` there are known [limitations](https://github.com/phoenixframework/phoenix/issues/6259#issuecomment-2902640840) when using nested dom elements like a svg or other html structures.
> > Read the following `CSS loading states` to work around this limitation when required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Finally, `phx-disable-with` works with an element‘s `innerText`,
> therefore nested DOM elements, like `svg` or icons, won't be preserved.
> See "CSS loading states" for alternative approaches to this.
```
